It is expected that the disputed position will be severe.
to introduce
It is a place where we just report Kofu station
The name of Ryoma Sakamoto dives into the eyes
Imagine a large fish island Ryoma statue in front of the station and welcome tourists
I will
During both sides
Camp with coaches that have various events in various places
Albi Rex Niigata
Today I focused on the forward
The instructors must have seven forward registered players
Kurosaki has 2 tops in view and competition is fierce
It is a position
The first team to head for the World Cup in June
I'm still aiming for a return
I have a good training
It will be a place to appeal but after all
The edge accompanies the student as it is written
to be able to do
Says that it is necessary to prepare for that
Also
Brazil and hard 3 consecutive champions newly
Practice dribbling with intense shoots and soft touch
Showed the height of the potential
Suspected 19-year-old raised by grandma with brother
I came to Japan alone with my beloved family
It was said that I was told by phone to the snow flower family I saw for the first time in life
Do Fukada on the spot where I got up
There are Uyghur people, too
Acts positively to move contrary to this expectation
It's free in wat
The most not enough but windows free
People were selected in 2006-07
A degree of conflict
It seems that Tajimi in Gifu Prefecture will stay or see the trouble of his younger brother
Grandma who brought up oneself and brother alone until now
For
I have a special thought
Expected to prototype for men
intercom
Sakura playing 666
First season closing of the league
The same city Shinko Center for the remaining three days
A policy to fill Beijing Fujino Tomon
19-year-old passed the power of the support of the family of the mother country
I'm looking forward to the day of rampaging on the pitch
We are defeated in 4 season for the season opening
Position dispute
Look at what playoffs first hole who is
I was expecting you
You are looking forward to it, right?
I made use of it in this way
Albirex's this year's league opening match will start from June 6
Because
We will play against Kawasaki Frontale Both openers will be March 13
Visit to Japan
I will fight against the treatment sap will live broadcast the pattern of this match
I will tell you in